# Pok-mon-Elo-Rating-System
The Pokémon series has multiple battle formats/activities that all could benefit from an Elo rating system. The math behind the rating system can easily be calculated using a Python script. The script takes the activities &amp; assigns a score to each, and then compiles an average score for the player.

This program is rather basic & fixed: the main program operates through a Python menu based upon user input. The user can input whether they want to see the current standings, input a new game into their record, or exit the menu altogether.
If a current .csv file of the user's record is not pre-existing on the user's computer, then the program will create one with standard, initial values. (It is here that the user can add/remove activities as they wish to incorporate their activities.) A sample BattleStats.csv file has been included in the project to give the user an idea of what the data might behold of. The program can overwrite pre-existing data as each entry is inputted.
The program utilizes the traditional Elo rating system & its respective math. The program modifies the K value of how sensitive the win/loss is based upon the pre-existing ELO score of the user. (64, 32, or 16 depending upon whether the user has superseded an Elo score of a multiple of 1000.)
The program will ask a series of questions to determine the logic of the current inputted battle/activity, & calculate the updated Elo score from the user-inputted data. (What is your opponent's Elo? Did you win the battle? etc.)
The program struggles to be modified, meaning that the user will need to think programmatically to modify the program to their liking. Some processes later on might be dependent upon the size of the current table, etc., & so please understand that this was a fun side project to compile.
